core goals
moving between screens (done)
item pickups (done)
notifications (done)

stretch goals
arrows keys / mouse dual functionality
tint for screen when menu overlaid
make item textures pointers instead of searching name
change cursor color
stop gif recording
knocking sound for bathroom door in act 2
move text into text config since i left some around
act 2 master bedroom rightmost drawer doesnt have text

title: masquerade macabre

characters:
Crow: the player
Bear: baron, Crow's father
Fish: Bear's wife
Pig: the chef for Bear and Fish
Dog: the butler for Bear
Snake: another baron lord invited to Bear's manor
Cat: Snake's wife
Owl: another baron lord

Setting:
Europe, 1800s

Spoiler:
Snake killed Bear because he was upset the King favored him.

Act I
Your family is hosting a masquerade party to celebrate a gift of land by the King. The chef
and butler are in the kitchen preparing food for the party. After some socializing, your father asks
you to fetch something from his room. In the master bedroom, against your better judgment you look 
inside of a drawer. In it, you find a letter from Bear to Cat detailing the events
of an affair. Bear felt remorseful for the affair and expressed desire to tell Fish and Snake. 
In shock, you put the note pack, fetch the thing you needed, and go back downstairs.

Act II
It is now dinner time. The butler just finished setting the dining room table. Everyone, except for Bear, 
take their seats at the table. A lethargic bear enters the dining room last and takes his seat at the
head of the table. All of the attendees toast and begin their meal. Without eating much, Bear announces
he will go back to his room to rest and to continue eating without him. You're left alone with Snake,
Owl, and Cat as you all discuss politics. Suddenly, you hear a loud thump and a scream. All of the attendees,
including Pig and Dog, rush up to the master bedroom, where Bear is on the floor next to Fish.

Act III
You announce to everyone that no one will leave until you determine the culprit. From here, the player can
wander around the house looking for clues. You can also speak to all the characters to ascertain context
around the murder. Once the player feels confident, they can choose a character to blame. Some text will
appear for reasoning. The player is told if they were right or wrong, then the game ends.

